[narrator] The following tale
begins on June 5th
in the year 1972.
It was a dark and humid night
in America's Deep South
when the first cry of
a newborn child rang
through the halls of
a maternity hospital.
However,
before that baby had
the chance to see
the light of day,
his life expired while
still curled
in the arms of his mother.
To the young mother
who had never once
felt that she had been
living a life
that consisted of any happiness
or sense of purpose,
her newborn son was going to be
a symbol of the hope
that she would have
a better future.
With her first child
lost to her,
that potential happiness she
longed for was lost as well,
and she was unable
to accept his death.
Before the doctors and nurses
could learn
of the baby's
unfortunate passing,
the young mother
slipped out of her bed
as if she were a phantom
in the night.
She made her way
into another room
where she replaced
her deceased child
with one who was born
the same day
and made him her own.
This other baby which she took
was one of a set
of fraternal twins.
To this day, the incident was
never questioned
or investigated,
and not even a single soul
suspected a thing.
[somber music]
[young Father Pucchi]
Mama, whose grave is this?
They were born
the same day as me.
Died then too.
-[mother] Enrico.
-Huh?
[mother]
The truth of the matter is,
you had a younger brother.
The two of you
were fraternal twins.
Huh?
[mother] But he passed away
at the hospital
right after he was born.
Pray for him.
Afterwards,
we decided to give him
the name Domenic.
[church bell tolls]
[young Father Pucchi]
Lord, answer my plea.
My brother and I were born
on the same day,
but I lived and he died.
choose to take my brother's
life and not mine?
For what reason did fate
choose to take my brother's
life and not mine?
And why do humans experience
happiness and misfortune?
What is true happiness?
[narrator] At this time,
Enrico was aged 15.
His great-grandmother
on his father's side
was an Italian immigrant.
He is descended from
a prestigious
and influential family
in Venice,
in which one of
his family members
became a famous clergyman
during the 18th century.
So, when young Enrico declared
he wanted to attend a seminary,
there wasn't one member
of his family who objected.
-[thuds]
-[young Father Pucchi grunts]
[rattling]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Hey, is someone here?
Who's there?
Tell me,
what are you doing in here?
[zaps]
[grunts]
Hold it!
[young Dio] Is this book yours?
[gasps]
It's a famous biography by a
clergyman who commits adultery
and runs off
to become a painter.
Would a believer in God
ever read
such a scandalous scripture?
Sir, just who are you?
How did you get in this place?
Except for on Sundays, this
charnel house does not allow
members of the general public
to enter.
[thumps]
I'm aware of the restrictions,
but I'm deathly allergic
to the sun.
If I am not mistaken,
the sun sets at 6:19 today.
Until that time comes,
I cannot go home,
which is why I rested in here.
Ah, I see.
Well, in that case, is there
anything I can do to help you?
Not at all.
-[young Father Pucchi] Okay.
-[approaching footsteps]
[young Father Pucchi]
That's unfortunate.
I won't tell the head priest
about encountering you,
but you must be gone
when the sun sets.
[young Dio chuckles]
My, my.
You're an interesting one.
How so?
You're not going
to throw me out?
What if I were a burglar
who came here to rob this place
of its most valuable artwork,
or worse, to kill you?
Or perhaps,
you're just saying I can stay,
but you actually plan
to rat me out to the police.
[young Father Pucchi]
Is that what you want me to do?
Though a thief wouldn't lie
about a sun allergy.
It doesn't seem plausible.
Not even the devil
would tell such a blatant lie.
-[young Dio] Hold on a moment.
-[young Father Pucchi] Hm?
[young Dio] Did you twist
your ankle because of me?
Are you all right?
No, it isn't that.
Please don't worry about it.
I've been like this
since my birth.
They say I was born with
twisted toes on my left foot.
However, it doesn't hinder
my ability to walk.
[tense music]
Do you believe in gravity
between individuals?
You ended up tripping over me
of all people,
but did you know
it was for a reason?
W-What are you saying?
[metal rattling]
[rapid swishing]
[gasps]
-[metallic cling]
-Take this arrow.
Consider it
a thank-you present.
If you do not wish
to accept it,
that is still perfectly fine
with me.
But are not all meetings of
fate their own form of gravity?
-We only did just meet.
-[young Father Pucchi shudders]
So I don't know what
your first impression of me is,
but I'm a traveler fueled by
the hope of fateful encounters.
If ever you feel like
seeing me again someday...
[gasps]
[young Dio] ...aim that desire
towards the arrow and pray,
no matter how many years
might have passed since now.
Got it?
All I ask is for you
to keep that in mind.
[young Father Pucchi shudders]
[young Dio]
Once we reach sundown,
it shall be
like I was never here.
[tense music builds]
[breathing nervously]
[gasps]
What's this?
My toes,
the toes of my left foot!
Th-They're not twisted!
Hey, wait! Who even are you?
[music fades]
[church bells toll]
-[footsteps approach]
-[woman] Please, Father.
[exclaims]
[woman] Listen to my plea.
I beg of you,
I have a confession to make.
Uh, yes. Well...
One moment.
I'll get the priest...
[woman]
I'm stricken with disease,
and I fear I'm going to die.
[gasps]
[woman] There's no cure
that can help me now.
But, my illness isn't
what I'm here to confess about.
My sin was to my family.
16 years ago
on the night of June 5th,
after my newborn baby drew
his first and final breath,
I traded him for another.
[sobs]
While no one was looking,
I took a stranger's baby
and left mine in his place.
That baby was a twin.
[young Father Pucchi gasps]
[woman] When I think about
the baby's parents,
I'm overcome with guilt!
[whimpers]
Though she wasn't mine,
I raised the child
to the best of my ability.
I was so happy.
And this little boy I watched
go through life.
grew up to be
such a fine young man.
However, if I die without
ever confessing... [sobs]
What would happen
if I told him the truth
that he has
a brother somewhere?
Though, if he finally learns
what happened,
that would mean
I've lost my son before I die!
[whimpering]
Are you...
familiar at all with who
the family of the other son is?
The other twin's family lived
in a big mansion
in the next town over.
Pucchi
is the family's last name.
[clatters]
I, like, really don't get it.
What exactly do you see in that
juice delivery boy, anyway?
I know.
But that butt, though...
-He's such a hottie.
-Just stop it already.
I bet the loser comes
from a poor family.
He probably doesn't even go
to high school.
That's why he delivers juice.
[gasps]
Hey, Perla.
Doesn't that bag belong to you?
Th-That guy just took it!
-[exclaims]
-He's a purse-snatcher!
Someone catch that guy!
[whooshes]
-[cracks]
-[exclaims]
[growls]
-[shatters]
-[yelps]
[all girls] Woo-hoo!
[sighs]
[young Weather] Ugh, goddammit.
I ended up breaking out
the store's window.
Totally gonna get fired
from this job.
Plus, I'm not even allowed
to work under school policy.
[narrator] Weather Forecast's
real name is Wes Aquamarine.
He was 16 at the time,
as innocent as anyone can be,
and he had a strong belief
in the idea of justice.
So, uh... thanks a bunch.
You saved my purse back there.
[exclaims]
Don't worry.
I'll tell them he's the one
who broke the window.
-For real?
-[Perla] Yes, of course.
Now you should go.
Hmm.
Um, my name is Wes.
Some people call me Weather.
You wanna hang?
[breathes nervously]
[narrator]
Two months had passed
since the dying mother's
life-changing confession,
and Enrico
was in utter mental turmoil.
Although he had not become
a priest yet,
Enrico was still bound
by the seal of confession
and could not disclose anything
to anyone.
He had to keep it
a secret at all costs.
Otherwise, in the eyes
of the church,
he would be a failure
as a man of God.
[young Father Pucchi]
That mother will die soon,
and she's going to take her
secret with her to the grave.
Even if I can convince her
to confess to everyone,
would we, or at the very least,
would my brother
be able to continue living
as a real family
even after knowing the truth?
[young Father Pucchi] I'm back.
[Perla] Welcome home.
What's wrong?
Looks like you're spacing out.
Did something happen
to you at school?
Promise me, big bro.
I'm begging you
not to tell Mama and Papa!
Hmm?
[Perla] My grades
have sort of tanked recently.
I'll catch up eventually,
but what will I do?
I have a boyfriend.
He's amazing.
[exclaims]
I met him two weeks ago.
I really like him.
It's like our hearts are
connected. He's my soulmate.
[sighs]
Good for you, Perla.
[gasps]
Thanks, big bro.
[narrator] Let's start
with the conclusion.
The soon-to-be-priest Enrico
never once uttered
a word to his sister
about her new boyfriend,
Weather,
being his younger twin brother.
From here on out in this story,
I would like you, the viewer,
to be the judge in deciding
who is the one
who has committed a sin.
Was it the mother
who had sinned
or having switched the babies?
The parents?
Enrico?
Or was it Weather,
who didn't know a thing?
He looked into who Weather was
to learn who it is that his
sister had fallen in love with.
After discovering
the shocking truth,
in Enrico's mind,
there is only one solution.
[young Father Pucchi]
No matter what the sacrifice,
I have to stop Perla
from getting hurt in any way!
[dramatic music]
You look familiar, boy.
Ain't you the rich kid
who goes to a seminary?
Are you sure
you wanna be doin' this?
If everything goes well,
I will double your pay.
There're only two things
I want you to do.
First,
do not ask any questions.
And second,
make these two break up.
[young Father Pucchi]
I bet if I make
a couple of thugs threaten Wes,
he'll break things off
with Perla, that is all.
The only thing
Perla will suffer from
is an ordinary heartbreak
that anyone will experience.
The scars that will be left
on her heart won't be fatal.
[narrator] However,
what Enrico failed to realize
was the true nature
of this private detective
who he sought to hire.
This man, who has a proclivity
for prying into secrets,
a man who holds a prejudice
deep within his heart,
one which stemmed from
the inhumane laws
that dominated the South
just a century ago.
A prejudice
that is very much still alive.
[dramatic music]
[P.I.] Goddamn son of a bitch.
After doing some research
on that Wes kid,
I discovered that back in 1972,
his whore mother married
a black man,
all while living
in this very city!
So even though he looks white,
that boy is a black man's son!
[tense music]
[narrator]
After this revelation,
the P.I. rallied
his clan together.
-[whacks]
-[retches]
[screams]
[weakly]
P-Perla...
-[thumps]
-[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Hey, who the hell even are you
drunk assholes?
Don't worry that pretty
little head, sweetheart.
We're gonna be punishing him,
not you.
[townsman] That's right, baby.
Come here, gimme a kiss,
why don't ya?
Plant one on
this nice upstanding
sheriff now, you hear?
[P.I.] You think you're all
proper, don't you, little slut?
Lucky for you,
you're a white girl
so it don't matter
who you fool around with.
But not that shit stain.
An animal like him
can't be allowed
to taste those sweet lips
of yours for a second.
[Perla grunts]
-[gasps]
-[P.I. grunts]
Your older brother's the one
who asked me to do this.
And just so your ass
is well aware,
we've already paid a visit
to your momma's house,
so you know your childhood home
is already up in flames!
[young Weather gasps]
[dramatic music]
[young Weather grunts]
[grumbles]
[screams]
[blood squelches]
[narrator] In the end,
who is the one
truly being punished
in all of this?
Was it Weather? Perla?
Perhaps, all anyone did
up until this point
was love someone
with all their heart.
The only truth that can
be found is that love
brought about
the worst-case scenario.
As for Weather, he was hung
from a tree overlooking
the cliffside,
and was left there to rot.
Until this day,
Perla was pure of heart,
but the gentle breeze that once
blew through her heart
swiftly came to an end.
Her love was like
a spring sunshine.
-However...
-[body thuds]
[somber music]
[Perla] My heart will no longer
feel a thing anymore.
[sad music plays]
Not even while standing
in the rain. Nothing.
[narrator]
After uttering those words,
Perla threw herself off the
cliff into the lake below,
taking her own life,
not knowing that
her dearly beloved Weather
still had a faint pulse.
[siren whirring]
[tragic music]
[young Father Pucchi]
Why in God's name? Why?
Why did it have
to end like this?
[sloshes]
Why did I even want to become
a priest in the first place?
Why does fate
bring two people together?
If they hadn't met,
none of this
would've ever happened!
Stop right there!
[sloshing continues]
I'm telling you,
stop that right now!
Don't you dare cross your heart
in front of my sister
while I'm here!
[sobs]
Damn it all.
Please, don't let this
be the end.
Don't take her life away!
None of this was Perla's fault.
All she did was fall in love!
I'll do anything that
you ask of me.
Just please, bring her back!
[splashes]
If anyone should be damned
for this, then it's me!
Do you believe in gravity
between individuals?
Do you believe that fate
brought us together
for a reason?
[gasps]
[young Dio] If you wish
to see me again,
come and find me.
That was him.
It was the voice
of that strange man.
I want to see him.
I've forgotten when,
but he's the man who healed my
foot back in the charnel house.
How could I've forgotten
about him until now?
I just know that
he gave me something...
an arrowhead, if I recall.
[squelches]
[mechanical whirrs]
-[exclaims, chokes]
-[blood spatters]
[breathes heavily]
What... What... What is this?
The arrow that I'd been keeping
in my pocket?
Once a life
has been taken away,
it can never fully
be given back.
But if your desire
is strong enough,
and it's what you
truly wish for,
you will be capable of
preserving her memory forever.
The memory that lives
in her heart.
This, my new friend,
is your awakening.
[chokes]
[splashes]
[blood spatters]
-[swooshes]
-Huh?
Hey, who the hell is there?
You're not that dumbass
who asked me
to check if your wife's
been cheating, are ya?
If you don't want
to get pumped with lead,
I suggest you show
that ugly mug of yours--
[gasps]
What the fuck?
Hey, you're big
on information, yeah?
[shudders]
Huh?
[young Weather] If you know
so much, then tell me.
Why the hell is
an infestation of snails
coming out of your arm?
Where do all these snails
keep coming from?
Why is it only happening
around me?
Okay, who the fuck
are you, guy?
[young Weather] Is it true that
Perla's brother was
the one who hired you?
-Don't lie to me.
-No.
That can't be. How are you...
-[gunshot]
-[blood spatters]
[snails sloshing]
[young Weather] What's up
with all these snails?
Why does this keep happening?
[cocks gun]
[trigger clicking]
Dammit. I really can't die.
[sputters]
Only when I try to use the gun,
the chamber's filled
with water.
Why is it that I'm still alive?
[gun clanks]
[narrator] Weather was filled
with an immense rage,
he was mad at the world
for having to deal with
everything around him.
Angry that he was still alive,
and furious at himself
for feeling
responsible for Perla's death.
After realizing
what happened to her,
Weather jumped off the cliff
trying to follow her lead,
but a sudden gust of wind
blew him back up.
Then, he tried to drown himself
in the lake,
but the strong waves would only
push him back onto the shore.
[young Weather] Why? Why can't
I just die and be with Perla?
[sobs]
[screams]
[narrator] In his despair,
his rage became
a devastating fury.
His hatred started to extend
not only to the townspeople,
but to humanity in general.
[drum beats]
On the fourth night,
a major snail infestation
had invaded the town.
But why was it snails?
And where exactly
did they come from?
No one was able to explain
this sudden occurrence.
The only person who understood
what was going on was Enrico,
who woke up in a hospital.
It's Wes... No, it's Weather.
My brother isn't dead.
Since he and I share
the same blood,
the awakening of my powers
must have awakened his own.
Just like how I wished for
the preservation of memories,
this must be what Weather
desired unconsciously.
If these snails were to start
crawling up my arm
in order to do away with me,
I would have to finish off
my brother.
I'm willing to do anything
from now on,
even if that means
I have to kill.
After I'm through
with taking care of Weather,
I shall go see that man.
The one who is named Dio.
Why does fate
bring two people together?
I am convinced
that he knows the answer.
That's what I want to learn.
The answer to that question
is indeed
the strongest power
this world may ever know
and the ultimate truth.
[dramatic music]
[young Weather] Are you happy?
Your sister, Perla,
ended up dying
because of
your fucking request.
And now,
my fury isn't satisfied.
I'll make you pay
right here and now.
You're wrong.
I put this into motion
because I am your brother.
[young Weather gasps]
But that connection
ends here today!
Weather, I'm going
to eliminate you!
[gurgling]
[grunts]
[whooshes]
[young Father Pucchi]
Oh, Weather.
You're merely
a hindrance to me.
So I shall banish you
along with the rainbow.
Like Perla, every one
of your memories will vanish.
And those without any memories
left are as good as dead.
You shall live out the rest of
your days like a caged animal.
[cage shutters]
[dramatic music builds]
[man] Prisoner number MA152403
has been locked up!
My only reason
for continuing to live
is to settle the score with him
once and for all!
What are you saying?
They've come back to you?
You can remember
everything now?
Then what are we doing here?
Shouldn't we be heading
to where Jolyne is right now?
I only came
with you for Jolyne.
I don't give a damn
about your past!
You don't wanna go
where Jolyne is currently.
It would just be useless.
And anyway,
I need you by my side
so you can kill me.
[Anastasia gasps]
You have to take my life.
Anastasia, I beg you.
[gasps]
[Ermes] And it's because of
this gruesome method of eating
that these bugs are known
as snail suckers!
-[grunts]
-Oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa, oraa!
[shrieks]
[both scream]
Everyone, get in!
[metal clanks]
These suckers are crawling
in through the cracks!
What should we do, Jolyne?
It doesn't matter if they're in
or out of the car.
Either way it goes, they're
gonna find us and start eating.
So while they're snacking,
we're going after Weather!
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]